ya in a 10% review rate is pretty good
actually pretty typical I knew jimmy is
somewhere in the 2% range pretty much so
yes market mentioned earlier these gots
some were on board thousands dunes 4307
reviews but just call it ten percent in
the range nine or 10 percent which is is
quite good it is definitely an
indication that he's connecting with you
know with his wounds so I want you to
elaborate a little bit more you kind of
said it about you know everything that
was in your mind that look when we were
talking prior to the interview there's
another point you mentioned to me about
how do you differentiate the way that
you teach people coatings and tell
people about like what you're helping
them to learn to judge you mentioned
you're teaching them with the idea that
they're gonna be able to get a job at it
but what are you teaching them in a way
what are they learning from showing them
this is my personal belief in its not
enough for everybody but I dunno I don't
believe in in scripting and writing
perfect lessons i believe i believe and
I don't exist coating related or just
teaching in general but I believe in
people can see it I have it all planned
out but when people can see you go
through the process and how your brain
thinks and how you actually approaching
solve problems that's that's what really
retains of people so so I'll be in the
lobby in these lessons and I'll be
sitting there like oh my gosh this is a
common mistake everyone listen up right
now this is one of the biggest mistakes
you could ever make don't ever do this
if I do you do something to strangle you
I say things like that in my video but
anyway there's very specific points that
I feel strongly about that are going to
help them and I want them to listen to
so i i try and keep it very engaging and
effective in the sense of listen up this
is what's going to help you not okay
first you are going to do this and next
you are going to do that
and by the way online courses have a
reputation for being very boring and not
well done so I worked my butt off to
make it as fun as possible I even come
up with bad jokes before I even start my
forces I make fun of myself I make fun
of those blue Subaru is with the gold
rims you see driving around everywhere I
make fun of all kinds of things and it's
funny people message me like a month in
advance for months later they like that
so funny I I know that you're talking
about and I can do you know you're
talking about I recorded this like two
months ago but people they laughed up
there but 1 a.m. studying they have
full-time jobs I'm about 1 a.m. study
gotta make it exciting so I make it as
interactive as possible and effective as
possible without wasting everyone's time
so it's a good experience for everybody
yes so what are the things that you're
bringing into this year is that it's not
just a matter of in this doesn't only
apply to programming courses is not just
a matter of Lake Road repetition like
monkey see monkey do you like doing this
do that do that you know do this next
thing boom in now therefore you are an
expert in I don't care whether it's
programming or whatever the topics that
you teaching is that it's more about
understanding the thought process that
you need to use the Y with the topic
that you're teaching so that's one of
the ways that differentiated what else
can you tell people about some of the
things you know any additional making
your courses
use you know best-in-class that's just
help them and this is for everybody I
don't care who you are but I i have
responded pretty much everybody there's
nobody that I miss that respond respond
to everybody you know what I do I go on
to occasionally I go onto especially the
beginning to the Union me when you look
at all your student loan people have
like made like 10 percent progress I
personal message on like a good job this
is progress how's your house your
learning going how's it going you know
sending these messages don't forget to
join the chat room or here I personally
talking to these people all the time
like my and I I keep my phone and
everything nearby me so I can do it
quickly without wasting time without
taking too much time so I'm just always
interacting with the students and and
the people and I don't think anyone else
is doing that like in my field and the
competitors you know online chat rooms I
just really helping the students as they
come to me for career advice and I'm
like hey you should do this don't do
this you know take care of this is legal
issues around that like I just human
beings I talk to them and you know i i
really probably was doing is just the
level of commitment I have to everyone
success and it doesn't take as much time
as you would think some people probably
think well I don't have time for that
but it's not it's not that bad I'm still
recording and doing this whole time now
so I'm recording when I wasn't doing it
full time I was still recording and
answering questions it's so I thought I
feel strongly that that's one of the big
the big things out there also my courses
in the beginning it was a learning
process also my first few videos audio
and video weren't great but here's
something very valuable that I want
everyone and I believe so much
high-quality screen recordings and you
better be in your videos like talk to
the students look at the camera
yeah talk to them you know what's going
on how's it going you know like a brady
hope you're still listening you know
ready for us like talk to your students
get interactive he says he sure is
listening
and beyond the camera I people seriously
every every few days
best friends mark I want to be your
friend but it's because I'm talking to
them on the camera all the time and it's
more exciting so definitely be in your
videos
who cares if you mess up you know as
soon as we get too uptight about cutting
out the arms and all those things you
know I think people want to see that
your real human being and that you're
actually doing this your life because
anybody can read my chart you know they
want to see you doing in real life so I
think that's another very important
thing is I try and actually even though
I'm not there I am there ok you know I
go back to something cuz I kind of
glossed over it when you had mentioned
before and I dunno I just realized that
I hadn't highlighted when you were
starting out and you talked about how
you how you hit the pavement in you
mentioned you know did you do any in
person when you were getting started
with with doing these courses I know
they had experience with him but I like
what did you do any type of marketing
where you were doing face-to-face
anybody you know what's really
interesting is the state of Utah is very
big on networking and in person
marketing like despite how excited I
found an introvert really want to get
out anyway I did nothing like I really
did nothing is it all just on the
internet just everything just you use my
time wisely